Restructure Managing container images (CQA) (#4972)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_pulling-container-images-from-project.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="pulling-container-images-from-{project-context}"]
= Pulling container images from {Project}

[role="_abstract"]
Log in to the {Project} container registry and pull container images by using Podman or Docker.

.Prerequisites
* Review xref:considerations-for-using-the-{project-context}-container-registry[].

> * To pull content from {Project}, ensure that your {Project} account has the `view_lifecycle_environments`, `view_products`, and `view_content_views` permissions, unless the lifecycle environment allows unauthenticated pull.

Author: Actually, this was added by AI and I'm not sure if it's true. I'll get a tech review on this.

Reviewer: That sounds correct.

Reviewer 2: This is correct! Technically you only need , say, view_products if you are pulling just containers outside of content views / lifecycle environments, but I think users who understand our authorization will figure that out.

Reviewer 2: I will mention as well that you do not need these permissions if using certificate-based pulling, but that may be outside of the scope of the reorganization going on here.

For cert-based auth, it's no longer user based. Rather, it's host based.

This part focuses on podman login, so I think it's fine to skip.

Author: Thanks! Keeping as-is.

* Your {Project} account has a role that grants the `create_personal_access_tokens` permission to generate an access token for authentication.

> The token generates automatically when you run `podman login`.

Reviewer 3: Maybe rephrase to make it active/explain who/what creates the token:

```suggestion
{Project} automatically generates a token when you run `podman login`.
```

Does this relate to "Set up container registry certs"? If it does, then that would mean that it does not affect all hosts; only those that use user name and passwords.

Reviewer: For cert-based auth, the registered host (when container certs are set up during registration or later) does not need to `podman login` to access the content.

.Procedure
. Log in to the container registry:
+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
# podman login _{foreman-example-com}_
----
. List container images:
+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
# podman search _{foreman-example-com}_/
----
. Pull a container image:
+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
# podman pull _{foreman-example-com}_/_My_Image_[:__My_Tag__]
----
+
The image tag is optional.

> If you do not specify a tag, the latest tag is pulled.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you do not specify a tag, `podman` pulls the latest tag.
```

To make it active.
